README.md, before:

# AI Projects

### Completed:
LLM LangChain projects (Generative AI):
- [LLMs - Chat with a Wikipedia page](/projects/LLM_Chat_with_Wikipedia_page.ipynb)
	- Used LangChain, RAG, and ChainLit (to host web page)
- [LLMs - Feedback summarizer](/projects/LLM_Feedback_summarizer.ipynb)
	- Used LangChain, Selenium, and Gradio (for hosting)
- [LLMs - Chat with an image](/projects/LLM_Image_chat.py)
	- Used LangChain, and StreamLit (for hosting)
- [LLMs - Prompt shortener](/projects/LLM_Prompt_shortener.ipynb)
	- Used LangChain and Gradio (for hosting)
- [LLMs - Fine-tuning, RLHF, and RLAIF](/projects/LLM_Fine-tuning_RLHF.ipynb)
	- Used Fine-tuning, RLHF, RLAIF (Reinforcement Learning with AI Feedback), and Responsible AI


### For demo, please open the page: [Demo](/Demo/Demo.md)

*Note*: Before you run these, please install [Ollama](https://ollama.com/download) and pull the model you prefer.
Make sure to copy .env.example to .env and fill in the model name.

---

Data Science projects:
- [NLP - Offensive Tweets Classification](/projects/NLP_Offensive_Tweets_Classification.ipynb)
- [ML - Loan Default Risk Prediction](/projects/ML_Loan_default_risk.ipynb)
<!-- - [Deep Learning - House price prediction](/projects/DL_House_price_prediction.ipynb) -->
<!-- - [Content recommendation for OTT platforms](/projects/Content_recommendation.ipynb) -->

---

#### What is special from me:
- Structured code and folders
- Common functions to reuse - [common_functions.py](/projects/common_functions.py)
- LLMs - Made the LLM calls faster and cheaper for the profitability of the companies
- Applying more concepts that are useful in the real-world projects


<!--

---

#### Upcoming
Next:
- LLM - Frequent feedback for similar products (helpful to newly create a product)
	- https://nijianmo.github.io/amazon/index.html
	- https://cseweb.ucsd.edu/~jmcauley/datasets.html#amazon_reviews
- More in GenAI & LLMs
- More in NLP
- Election result prediction project
	- fake data is generated without using personal data of users
	- use party A, B, ... instead of actual political party names
	- not specific to any state or a country
- MLOps, LLMOps emulation
- More projects that don't exist and are useful


on hold:

Shopping data analysis:
	- Make data realistic using Faker or other packages or searching online
	- Fix issue - no products are sold more than 0 or 1 times
	- Also displaying recommendations to the user.

	- Also custom ads that ad-providers create on my platform, predicting which ad is best suited using NLP,
		displaying both Google ads and custom ads on the platform.
		- Example: Ads by Peanut butter companies for users buying bread.
		- Use Orders data
	- Add test cases. If they don't pass, it should throw errors.
-->

Commit message:

Finished project - Chat with Data

README.md, after:

# AI Projects

### Completed:
LLM LangChain projects (Generative AI):
- [LLMs - Chat with a Wikipedia page](/projects/LLM_Chat_with_Wikipedia_page.ipynb)
	- Used LangChain, RAG, and ChainLit (to host web page)
- [LLMs - Feedback summarizer](/projects/LLM_Feedback_summarizer.ipynb)
	- Used LangChain, Selenium, and Gradio (for hosting)
- [LLMs - Chat with an image](/projects/LLM_Image_chat.py)
	- Used LangChain, and StreamLit (for hosting)
- [LLMs - Prompt shortener](/projects/LLM_Prompt_shortener.ipynb)
	- Used LangChain and Gradio (for hosting)
- [LLMs - Fine-tuning, RLHF, and RLAIF](/projects/LLM_Fine-tuning_RLHF.ipynb)
	- Used Fine-tuning, RLHF, RLAIF (Reinforcement Learning with AI Feedback), and Responsible AI
- [LLMs - Chat with Data](/projects/LLM_Chat_with_Data.ipynb)
	- Useful to chat with data to get useful insights to increase the profitability of the companies
	- Generated synthetic data using LLMs


### For demo, please open the page: [Demo](/Demo/Demo.md)

*Note*: Before you run these, please install [Ollama](https://ollama.com/download) and pull the model you prefer.
Make sure to copy .env.example to .env and fill in the model name.

---

Data Science projects:
- [NLP - Offensive Tweets Classification](/projects/NLP_Offensive_Tweets_Classification.ipynb)
- [ML - Loan Default Risk Prediction](/projects/ML_Loan_default_risk.ipynb)
<!-- - [Deep Learning - House price prediction](/projects/DL_House_price_prediction.ipynb) -->
<!-- - [Content recommendation for OTT platforms](/projects/Content_recommendation.ipynb) -->

---

#### What is special from me:
- Structured code and folders
- Common functions to reuse - [common_functions.py](/projects/common_functions.py)
- LLMs - Made the LLM calls faster and cheaper for the profitability of the companies
- Applying more concepts that are useful in the real-world projects


<!--

---

#### Upcoming
Next:
- LLM - Frequent feedback for similar products (helpful to newly create a product)
	- https://nijianmo.github.io/amazon/index.html
	- https://cseweb.ucsd.edu/~jmcauley/datasets.html#amazon_reviews
- More in GenAI & LLMs
- More in NLP
- Election result prediction project
	- fake data is generated without using personal data of users
	- use party A, B, ... instead of actual political party names
	- not specific to any state or a country
- MLOps, LLMOps emulation
- More projects that don't exist and are useful


on hold:

Shopping data analysis:
	- Make data realistic using Faker or other packages or searching online
	- Fix issue - no products are sold more than 0 or 1 times
	- Also displaying recommendations to the user.

	- Also custom ads that ad-providers create on my platform, predicting which ad is best suited using NLP,
		displaying both Google ads and custom ads on the platform.
		- Example: Ads by Peanut butter companies for users buying bread.
		- Use Orders data
	- Add test cases. If they don't pass, it should throw errors.
-->
